docs/bugBacklog.md, before:

# Bug Backlog

## August 22th, 2019

### Resolved
- Incorporate Unit testing (likely Catch2)
- Mouse controlled object after collision has odd velocity behaviour
- Circles arrive to a still equilibrium now

### Unresolved
- Need error safeguards for window start-up
- Build a quadtree to localize and optimize physics computations
- "Black Hole" appears at very rare occasions, which causes objects to disappear
- Change velocity Verlet method to RK4

## August 11th, 2019

### Resolved
- Odd behavior when squeezing circles between a collision and the bottom and top boundary
- Circles coming to a stop too often
- Mouse collision are only static
- Code refactoring needed using a physics manager

### Unresolved
- Need error safeguards for window start-up
- Build a quadtree to localize and optimize physics computations
- "Black Hole" appears at very rare occasions, which causes objects to disappear
- Incorporate Unit testing (likely Catch2)
- Mouse controlled object after collision has odd velocity behaviour

## August 7th, 2019

### Resolved
- Elastic collision not working properly
    - Need to test all directions/cases manually

### Unresolved
- Odd behavior when squeezing circles between a collision and the bottom and top boundary
- Circles coming to a stop too often
- Mouse collision are only static
- Need error safeguards for window start-up
- Code refactoring needed using a physics manager
- Build a quadtree to localize and optimize physics computations

## August 6th, 2019

### Resolved
- Nothing

### Unresolved
- Elastic collision not working properly
    - Need to test all directions/cases manually
- Need error safeguards for window start-up
- Code refactoring needed using a physics manager
- Build a quadtree to localize and optimize physics computations

Commit message:

implemented working quadtree collision optimization

docs/bugBacklog.md, after:

# Bug Backlog

## August 23th, 2019

### Resolved
- Build a quadtree to localize and optimize physics computations

### Unresolved
- Need error safeguards for window start-up
- "Black Hole" appears at very rare occasions, which causes objects to disappear
- Change velocity Verlet method to RK4

## August 22th, 2019

### Resolved
- Incorporate Unit testing (likely Catch2)
- Mouse controlled object after collision has odd velocity behaviour
- Circles arrive to a still equilibrium now

### Unresolved
- Need error safeguards for window start-up
- Build a quadtree to localize and optimize physics computations
- "Black Hole" appears at very rare occasions, which causes objects to disappear
- Change velocity Verlet method to RK4

## August 11th, 2019

### Resolved
- Odd behavior when squeezing circles between a collision and the bottom and top boundary
- Circles coming to a stop too often
- Mouse collision are only static
- Code refactoring needed using a physics manager

### Unresolved
- Need error safeguards for window start-up
- Build a quadtree to localize and optimize physics computations
- "Black Hole" appears at very rare occasions, which causes objects to disappear
- Incorporate Unit testing (likely Catch2)
- Mouse controlled object after collision has odd velocity behaviour

## August 7th, 2019

### Resolved
- Elastic collision not working properly
    - Need to test all directions/cases manually

### Unresolved
- Odd behavior when squeezing circles between a collision and the bottom and top boundary
- Circles coming to a stop too often
- Mouse collision are only static
- Need error safeguards for window start-up
- Code refactoring needed using a physics manager
- Build a quadtree to localize and optimize physics computations

## August 6th, 2019

### Resolved
- Nothing

### Unresolved
- Elastic collision not working properly
    - Need to test all directions/cases manually
- Need error safeguards for window start-up
- Code refactoring needed using a physics manager
- Build a quadtree to localize and optimize physics computations
